I currently live in the the apartment house in building that does not
allow pets of any kind so I have no pets at this time but during my
life I've owned two dogs of both schnauzers in many states both miniature
schnauzers in this case and if I had the opportunity I would want
to have another schnauzer I enjoy their intelligence and I enjoy
working with their hard headedness %HESITATION that's part of the Germanic
tradition %HESITATION I think it's important to have a pet like
that they did a study of executives in the fortune five hundred
companies and then did a multi variate analysis of what was in common
with all of the and the one thing they found was in common with all
of them is virtually all of them had owned a dog for which they were
personally responsible when they were growing up so I would recommend
having a dog and I would recommend if you have children and still
have a dog and make him responsible for feeding and watering and
walking at a